what's going on guys this week our lure
reviews gonna be on a new lure I just
picked up this week it's on the
Excalibur high-tech tackle zel pop as
you can see I haven't even taken him out
of the package just picked them up today
and I figured we'd do a lure review
check them out together haven't got to
Fisher them obviously but let's take a
closer look at them and see what they
look like out of the package okay so the
Excalibur
zel pop alright here they are out of the
package like I said I got two of them
two different colors this is the X Z two
they have an X Z 2 in the XZ 3 the XC 2
is the is the smaller of the two this is
a 1/4 ounce and it has a length of 2 and
5/16 7-inch and the XZ 3 which is a
bigger one is 3/8 of an ounce and has a
size of 2 and 3/4 of an inch
these have a number 6
inline TX 3 treble hooks the TX 3 it
says right here on the package that they
are TX 3 armed with VMC inline
technology and the number or excuse me
the X Z threes have number fours on them
let's see how many colors they have they
have eight nine 10 11 different colors
we have the Z shot here and Pearl melon
I'll go ahead and show you the Pearl
melon here first very very similar to
the to the rebel poppers
here's a pop R in comparison to the the
news L pop they're like the same exact
body you guys just one is a nicer
version of the other now I've done some
stuff to this one obviously if you've
seen my pop our video you know that I've
I hand dressed the the treble on here
and then I put I also put owners owner
stingers on here and then I put a split
ring on here but these guys you don't
really have to do anything to them they
already have nice number six size hooks
on them black nickel they've got
actually they've actually got feathers
on them with uh with some flash abou on
them the popper itself is exactly the
same as the other one though like I said
it is a little nicer it's got the raised
Gill plates it's got the the scale H
scale pattern in it they both have 3d
eyes but this one's got the more
realistic 3d eyes
Excalibur's trademark seems to be that
they they use red eyes on all of them if
you've seen my videos you probably know
that I'm a big fan of Excalibur they
make very very high quality stuff and
it's generally not as expensive as some
of the other stuff that you'll buy in
the competing price point so you can see
that this is still got the steel
ball-bearing in the back and it's got
the little rattle here in this chamber
here I don't know if you can even see it
rolling around in there but here's what
it sounds like
so yeah just a real world nice popper I
wanted to give you guys a little show at
these have been lusting after these for
a little while now they're about ten
bucks you can find them on tackle
warehouse but I'm gonna go ahead and
show you the colors here like I said
this one is pearl melon and pearl melon
just has this this scale pattern on the
back brown transparent scale pattern on
the back transparent on the side you can
see through it brown head it's all
actually almost like a copperhead and
then it's got the red 3d eyes and then
it's got pearl belly on it and as you
can see it says Excalibur xz2 right on
the bottom of it
so here's pearl melon
and here is Z shad Z shad is actually
pretty similar to this guy here except
for it's a non-transparent version of it
and the colors are a little bit more
brighter I guess the Pearl melon is a
more subtle kind of clear water color I
guess you can use this one in a clear
water settings too but the colors are a
little bit brighter on it so you could
probably fish with it especially with
this gold copper color here you could
probably get away with fishing this and
a little bit more stained water
especially because they sit like this in
the water so z shad it's kind of a black
dark brown on the back it's got the shad
dot right there just like the melon one
does and fading into this gold copper
color down into this silver and then
again down into this one isn't so much
pearl as it is like a white kind of
silver color on the bottom and as you
can see it says Excalibur xz2 zell pop
and it's got the raised gill plates so
got the etched body on it the mouth of
it is even a little nicer than on the
regular pop ours themselves like on the
pop R so you can actually see that seam
and if you can make out the seam inside
the mouth and on this one you can't see
it it's just overall just a little bit
nicer if you're looking for something
that's just uh you don't have to do
anything to it it's a little nice right
off the bat the pop ARS are like five
bucks these are like ten bucks and I
think that even with all the goodies
that I put on my pop R I think that
these are still a little bit nicer just
because they have nicer paint jobs so
anyway there's the Z shad
so go ahead and take a measurement for
ya they're saying 2 and 5/16 of an inch
and if we measure just before the ring
I'm getting 3/16 and then with the ring
it's 5/16 so just what they said so
anyway like I said haven't got to fish
to them yet wanted to give you guys the
first look this is the first I've
actually taken them out of the package
but I've looked at them a lot over the
past year and I really wanted to pick
them up so I picked up two this week
I'll pick up another one next week and
I'm also looking at the the Excalibur
Jimmy
kind of hard to find these days but
they're very I mean they've they're a
perfect knockoff is what I would say of
of the Sammy
so and I think I'm going to do that
review next week or the following week
after that so anyway thanks for watching
check these things out a little bit more
expensive but very very nice components
on them so thanks for watching